COPYING
MANIFEST.in
README.md
install_locally.py
license.txt
optional-requirements.txt
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
jupyter_notebooks/FAQ.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/2Q-GST - creating gate sets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/2Q-GST - generating error bars.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/2Q-GST - running it.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Bootstrapped error bars.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Context dependence.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/GOpt - adding new gauge optimizations.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/GOpt - non-ideal gauge optimization targets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/MPI - running GST in parallel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/MPI - running germ selection in parallel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Qutrit GST.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Qutrit Matrix Completion.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Reports - How to create an LGST-only report.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/.git_placeholder
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/00 Getting Started.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/01 GateSets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/02 Matrix Bases.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/03 GateStrings.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/04 DataSets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/05 Text file IO.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/06 Fiducials, Germs, and Maximum Lengths.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/07 Fiducial and Germ Selection.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/08 Algorithms low-level.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/09 Algorithms high-level.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/10 Fiducial Pair Reduction.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/11 Results.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/12 Report Generation-DEBUG.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/12 Report Generation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/13 Workspace Basics.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/14 Workspace Switchboards.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/15 Multi-Qubit Devices and Quantum Circuits.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/16 Clifford Randomized Benchmarking.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/17 Direct Randomized Benchmarking.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/18 Randomized Benchmarking Data Analysis.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/19 Robust Phase Estimation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/20 Pure Data Analysis.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/21 Model Testing.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/22 Basic drift characterization.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/23 Intermediate Measurements.ipynb
packages/pyGSTi.egg-info/PKG-INFO
packages/pyGSTi.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
packages/pyGSTi.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
packages/pyGSTi.egg-info/requires.txt
packages/pyGSTi.egg-info/top_level.txt
packages/pygsti/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/_version.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/compilers.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/contract.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/core.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/directx.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/fiducialpairreduction.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/fiducialselection.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/gaugeopt.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/germselection.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/grammatrix.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/grasp.py
packages/pygsti/algorithms/scoring.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/basis.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/basisconstructors.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/dim.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/exceptions.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/gatestringparser.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/label.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/opttools.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/parameterized.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/parsetab_string.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/profiler.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/protectedarray.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/smartcache.py
packages/pygsti/baseobjs/verbosityprinter.py
packages/pygsti/construction/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/construction/datasetconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/construction/gateconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/construction/gatesetconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/construction/gatestringconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/construction/nqnoiseconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/construction/qutrit.py
packages/pygsti/construction/rpeconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_Cliffords.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_XY.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_XYI.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_XYZI.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_XZ.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_ZN.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std1Q_pi4_pi2_XZ.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XXII.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XXYYII.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XY.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYCNOT.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYCPHASE.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYI.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYI1.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYI2.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYICNOT.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYICPHASE.py
packages/pygsti/construction/std2Q_XYZICNOT.py
packages/pygsti/construction/stdQT_XYIMS.py
packages/pygsti/construction/stdlists.py
packages/pygsti/construction/stdtarget.py
packages/pygsti/drivers/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/drivers/bootstrap.py
packages/pygsti/drivers/longsequence.py
packages/pygsti/extras/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/core.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/estimate.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/io.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/objects.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/signal.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/simulate.py
packages/pygsti/extras/drift/statistics.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/analysis.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/group.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/io.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/results.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/sample.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/simulate.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rb/theory.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rpe/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconfig.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconfig_GxPi2_GyPi2_00.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconfig_GxPi2_GyPi2_UpDn.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconstruction.py
packages/pygsti/extras/rpe/rpetools.py
packages/pygsti/io/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/io/json.py
packages/pygsti/io/jsoncodec.py
packages/pygsti/io/loaders.py
packages/pygsti/io/msgpack.py
packages/pygsti/io/stdinput.py
packages/pygsti/io/writers.py
packages/pygsti/objects/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/objects/autogator.py
packages/pygsti/objects/circuit.py
packages/pygsti/objects/compilationlibrary.py
packages/pygsti/objects/confidenceregionfactory.py
packages/pygsti/objects/datacomparator.py
packages/pygsti/objects/dataset.py
packages/pygsti/objects/estimate.py
packages/pygsti/objects/evaltree.py
packages/pygsti/objects/fastgatecalc.cpp
packages/pygsti/objects/fastgatecalc.pyx
packages/pygsti/objects/fastreplib.cpp
packages/pygsti/objects/fastreplib.pyx
packages/pygsti/objects/fastreps.cpp
packages/pygsti/objects/fastreps.h
packages/pygsti/objects/gate.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatecalc.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatemapcalc.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatematrixcalc.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gateset.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatesetfunction.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatesetmember.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatestring.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatestringstructure.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gatetermcalc.py
packages/pygsti/objects/gaugegroup.py
packages/pygsti/objects/hypothesistest.py
packages/pygsti/objects/instrument.py
packages/pygsti/objects/labeldicts.py
packages/pygsti/objects/mapevaltree.py
packages/pygsti/objects/matrixevaltree.py
packages/pygsti/objects/multidataset.py
packages/pygsti/objects/polynomial.py
packages/pygsti/objects/povm.py
packages/pygsti/objects/processorspec.py
packages/pygsti/objects/qubitgraph.py
packages/pygsti/objects/replib.py
packages/pygsti/objects/reportableqty.py
packages/pygsti/objects/results.py
packages/pygsti/objects/slowreplib.py
packages/pygsti/objects/spamvec.py
packages/pygsti/objects/stabilizer.py
packages/pygsti/objects/term.py
packages/pygsti/objects/termevaltree.py
packages/pygsti/optimize/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/optimize/customcg.py
packages/pygsti/optimize/customlm.py
packages/pygsti/optimize/optimize.py
packages/pygsti/report/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/report/autotitle.py
packages/pygsti/report/cell.py
packages/pygsti/report/colormaps.py
packages/pygsti/report/convert.py
packages/pygsti/report/factory.py
packages/pygsti/report/figure.py
packages/pygsti/report/formatter.py
packages/pygsti/report/formatters.py
packages/pygsti/report/html.py
packages/pygsti/report/latex.py
packages/pygsti/report/merge_helpers.py
packages/pygsti/report/mpl_colormaps.py
packages/pygsti/report/notebook.py
packages/pygsti/report/notebookcell.py
packages/pygsti/report/parse_notebook_text.py
packages/pygsti/report/plothelpers.py
packages/pygsti/report/plotly_plot_ex.py
packages/pygsti/report/python.py
packages/pygsti/report/reportables.py
packages/pygsti/report/row.py
packages/pygsti/report/table.py
packages/pygsti/report/textblock.py
packages/pygsti/report/workspace.py
packages/pygsti/report/workspaceplots.py
packages/pygsti/report/workspacetables.py
packages/pygsti/report/workspacetexts.py
packages/pygsti/report/templates/CodeCell.json
packages/pygsti/report/templates/MDcell.json
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standalone.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standalone.tex
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_pdf_report.tex
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/README.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/auto-render.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/jquery-3.2.1.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/jquery-ui.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/jupyterlibload.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/katex.css
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/katex.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/masonry.pkgd.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/plotly-latest.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_dashboard.css
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_dashboard.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_dataviz.css
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_fonts.css
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_plotly_ex.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/require.min.js
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/smoothness-jquery-ui.css
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.eot
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.ttf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.woff
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.woff2
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunbi.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunbx.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunbxo.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunrm.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunsi.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunss.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunsx.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunti.otf
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/favicon-16x16.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/favicon-32x32.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/favicon-96x96.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/pyGSTi_icon.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/data_comparison.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/gauge_invariant.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/gauge_variant.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/goodness.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/input.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/meta.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/summary.txt
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/DataComparison.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/GaugeInvariants_gates.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/GaugeInvariants_germs.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/GaugeVariants.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/GaugeVariants_decomp.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/GaugeVariants_errgen.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/GaugeVariants_raw.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Goodness.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Goodness_colorboxplot.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Goodness_scaling.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Help.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Input.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Meta.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/Summary.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/main.html
packages/pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/test.html
packages/pygsti/tools/__init__.py
packages/pygsti/tools/basistools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/chi2fns.py
packages/pygsti/tools/compattools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/fastcalc.c
packages/pygsti/tools/fastcalc.pyx
packages/pygsti/tools/gatetools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/hypothesis.py
packages/pygsti/tools/internalgates.py
packages/pygsti/tools/jamiolkowski.py
packages/pygsti/tools/legacytools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/likelihoodfns.py
packages/pygsti/tools/lindbladtools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/listtools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/matrixmod2.py
packages/pygsti/tools/matrixtools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/mpitools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/profile.py
packages/pygsti/tools/slicetools.py
packages/pygsti/tools/symplectic.py
test/__init__.py
test/runTests.py
test/travisTests.py
test/output/.placeholder
test/test_packages/Tutorials/testTutorials.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/__init__.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/algorithmsTestCase.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/basecase.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testAutoExperimentDesign.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testCompilers.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testCore.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testFiducialPairReduction.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testFiducialSelection.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testGaugeOpt.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testGrasp.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testStrict.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/testTwoQubit.py
test/test_packages/algorithmsb/__init__.py
test/test_packages/algorithmsb/testDirectX.py
test/test_packages/algorithmsb/testGermSelection.py
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_binom.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_multi.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_none.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_none.txt.cache
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_round.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/IFPR_fidPairs_dict.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/IFPR_fidPairs_dictv3.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis_lgst.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis_lgst.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/blankBoxes_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportA.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportAv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportB.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportBv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportC.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportCv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportD.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportDv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/brief_reportEv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods1Q.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods1Q.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods1Q_redmod.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods1Q_redmod.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods2Q.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods2Q.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods2Q_redmod.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods2Q_redmod.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/chi2boxes_hist_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/chi2boxes_inv_hist_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/chi2boxes_inv_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/chi2boxes_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/chi2boxes_summed_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/clgst.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/deprecated.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/direct_2x_compare_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/direct_chi2_boxes_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/direct_deviation_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers2.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers2.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers_lae.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers_lae.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers_tgp.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/drivers_tgp.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/exlgst.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/exlgst_reg.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportA.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportAv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportB-noGOptv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportB-noGOptv3_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportB.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportB_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportBv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportBv3_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportC.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportCv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportD.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportD_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportDv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportDv3_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportE.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportE_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportEv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/full_reportEv3_appendices.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/general_reportCv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/general_reportDv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/lgst.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/lgst_go.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/lsgst.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/lsgstMS.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/lsgst_reg.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/mle_gst.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_1Q_seqs.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_2Q_dataset.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_2Q_seqs.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_2Qterms.cache
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.pkl.v2
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.pkl.v3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.v2
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.v3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.gateset.pkl.v2
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.gateset.pkl.v3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.gateset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.results.pkl.v2
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.results.pkl.v3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/rb_io_test.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/repLib_dprobs.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/repLib_dprobsv3.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/report_dashboard_template.html
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/reportgen.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/reportgen.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/reportgen2.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/reportgen2.datasetv3
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/rpe_test_ds.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesA.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesAv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesB.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesBv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesC.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesCv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesD.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/slidesDv3.tex
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/small_eigval_err_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_redmod_exact.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_redmod_terms.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_std_exact.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_std_terms.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test2Qcalc_redmod_exact.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test2Qcalc_redmod_terms.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test2Qcalc_std_exact.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test2Qcalc_std_terms.gateset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/testdill.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/timeseries_data.txt~
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/timeseries_data_trunc.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/whackamole_hist_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/whackamole_ok.jpg
test/test_packages/construction/__init__.py
test/test_packages/construction/testDataSetConstruction.py
test/test_packages/construction/testGateConstruction.py
test/test_packages/construction/testGateSetConstruction.py
test/test_packages/construction/testGateStrings.py
test/test_packages/construction/testKCoverage.py
test/test_packages/drivers/__init__.py
test/test_packages/drivers/demoCalcMethods2Q.py
test/test_packages/drivers/nqubitconstruction.py
test/test_packages/drivers/testCalcMethods1Q.py
test/test_packages/drivers/testDrivers.py
test/test_packages/drivers/testNQubit.py
test/test_packages/extras/__init__.py
test/test_packages/extras/testRPE.py
test/test_packages/extras/testRPEConstruction.py
test/test_packages/extras/testRPEObjects.py
test/test_packages/extras/testRPETools.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_drift.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_rb.py
test/test_packages/iotest/__init__.py
test/test_packages/iotest/debug_pickle.py
test/test_packages/iotest/debug_weird.py
test/test_packages/iotest/testCodecs.py
test/test_packages/iotest/testStdInputParser.py
test/test_packages/iotest/testWriteAndLoad.py
test/test_packages/mpi/__init__.py
test/test_packages/mpi/debug_bcast.py
test/test_packages/mpi/debug_end2end.py
test/test_packages/mpi/mpinoseutils.py
test/test_packages/mpi/runtests.py
test/test_packages/mpi/speedTest.py
test/test_packages/mpi/testmpiMain.py
test/test_packages/objects/__init__.py
test/test_packages/objects/debug_mapevaltree.py
test/test_packages/objects/debug_updated_dataset.py
test/test_packages/objects/debug_updated_gateset.py
test/test_packages/objects/gigateset_test.py
test/test_packages/objects/testAdvancedGatesetParameterization.py
test/test_packages/objects/testCircuit.py
test/test_packages/objects/testDataComparator.py
test/test_packages/objects/testDataSets.py
test/test_packages/objects/testEvalTree.py
test/test_packages/objects/testFullyParameterizedGate.py
test/test_packages/objects/testGate.py
test/test_packages/objects/testGateSetFunction.py
test/test_packages/objects/testGateSets.py
test/test_packages/objects/testGateSets3.py
test/test_packages/objects/testGateStrings.py
test/test_packages/objects/testGaugeGroup.py
test/test_packages/objects/testHessian.py
test/test_packages/objects/testInstruments.py
test/test_packages/objects/testLabelDicts.py
test/test_packages/objects/testLabels.py
test/test_packages/objects/testPolynomial.py
test/test_packages/objects/testPrinter.py
test/test_packages/objects/testPrinterMPI.py
test/test_packages/objects/testProcessorSpec.py
test/test_packages/objects/testProfiler.py
test/test_packages/objects/testRepLib.py
test/test_packages/objects/testReportableQty.py
test/test_packages/objects/testResultsAndEstimate.py
test/test_packages/objects/testSpamVecs.py
test/test_packages/objects/testStaticGate.py
test/test_packages/objects/testTPParameterizedGate.py
test/test_packages/optimize/__init__.py
test/test_packages/optimize/testOptimize.py
test/test_packages/report/__init__.py
test/test_packages/report/reportBaseCase.py
test/test_packages/report/testReport.py
test/test_packages/reportb/__init__.py
test/test_packages/reportb/debug_plotly_pickle.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testColormaps.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testEBFormatters.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testFormatter.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testNotebook.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testPrecisionFormatter.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testReportables.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testTable.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testTextBlock.py
test/test_packages/reportb/testWorkspace.py
test/test_packages/temp_test_files/.placeholder
test/test_packages/temp_test_files/nb_example.py
test/test_packages/testutils/__init__.py
test/test_packages/testutils/basecase.py
test/test_packages/tools/__init__.py
test/test_packages/tools/testBasisTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testCaching.py
test/test_packages/tools/testChi2.py
test/test_packages/tools/testGateTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testInternalGates.py
test/test_packages/tools/testJamiolkowski.py
test/test_packages/tools/testLegacy.py
test/test_packages/tools/testLindbladianTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testListTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testLogL.py
test/test_packages/tools/testMatrixTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testOptTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testRBTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testSliceTools.py
test/test_packages/tools/testSymplectic.py